I'm pleased to announce that challenge
funnels are officially back it's been a
long few years where webinars challenge
funnels low ticket to high ticket and
all kinds of other funnels that over
these last couple years specifically
have just kind of sucked ass whereas for
the years prior to that Dark Age window
they were doing phenomenal unfortunately
during that last few year Hiatus these
types of funnels just honestly didn't
work that well they weren't as effective
they were lower on my list of things
that got businesses to million dollar
months and kept them there and helped
them scale but I'll tell you what man
they are fully back in today's video I'm
going to go through all the best
practices from a recent challenge that
we did with a client that was about 1.9x
profitable on the front end on just shy
300K in spend so going into the
challenge we are profitable and then we
cleared about $3.4 million on a $110,000
upsell on the back end I'm going to go
through all the best practices of this
specific Challenge from this client from
the advertising lessons uh the actual
challenge lessons some of the marketing
automation that helped with our show
rate we had over a 70% show rate for
this specific event and we didn't frame
it a challenge we framed it as a 3-day
event I'll go through all the best
practices in this video so excited to
talk about this if you're new here all
we do on this channel is talk about hit
million doll months welcome in we take
client lessons from the over 40
different people now that we have helped
get there and keep there and hand down
to you in these little bite-sized
YouTube videos so welcome and if you're
new consider subscribing after you check
out today's video and if you're already
a subscriber welcome back I got another
Banger for you here today so before we
officially dive into this let me just
pepper this in okay let me just Edge you
a little bit we we made a video just
recently on how webinars are back I
would really encourage you to go check
that out after this because just like in
this video me telling you challenge
funnels are back live webinars with some
very specific modern best practices are
working well again there's also going to
be some future videos you can anticipate
from me that give or take the time that
you're watching this might have already
been posted so be sure to check out my
channel for those as well on things like
low ticket to high ticket DM strategies
and a few other strategies that are
working really well for us right now so
I'm pumped to like I said just Ed you a
little bit on that to let you know that
we'll be dropping some bangers on those
as well okay let's dive in so let's get
to the top lessons of this specific
clients challenge funnel let me be clear
on what a challenge is first so we're on
the same page from a vocabulary
perspective challenges are live events
that have an extensive amount of content
challenges are typically best for sales
organizations and teams that only do
well with layup deals if you have a real
sales team that can go out there and
just outbound dial deal with like lead
magnet leads with Setters and
successfully put them on a closer
calendars and scale the [__] up then you
don't necessarily need to do something
that's going to take as much time and
effort as what a challenge event will
challenges are extremely time and effort
intensive they are not by any means
efficiently executed there's a
tremendous amount of content that you
must prepare as the presenter there's a
tremendous amount of different ways that
you can Tech technically execute it
including other guest speakers becoming
involved doing it all yourself which
would technically make it even harder um
the way that you execute it being on
like a laptop a DSLR setup or going into
a full-blown Studio environment like
what this specific client did that I'm
going to tell you about in today's video
Simply put we have a client right now is
a perfect example they do about $1.6
million a month and literally all of it
comes from their Setter dialing lead
magnet leads book buyer leads and just
very basic hydr traffic that's just
raising their hand saying I'm generally
interested in what you can talk to me
about their Setters and their closers
are so good at taking that type of lead
and converting them into a buyer that
ultimately they don't have to do things
like this so like I said a challenge is
very effective to execute when you have
a team that requires you to have an
extensive long drawn out content process
framing window prior to actually get
them on to the closers calendars
themselves eles most sales agencies as
an example require you to do these types
of leads whereas if you have an internal
team of real sales people like I said
you might not need to execute on this
challenges are typically drawn out for
as little as 2 days as much as 9 days we
had a client back in
20122 during the Hiatus the Dark Ages
where challenge funnels really weren't
doing that well that still was doing
about $1.5 million off a challenge
they'd probably do a lot better on that
today they did a 9-day challenge in an
industry where they were selling people
on buying land it was a real estate info
product offer and they had a
$40,000 product that they pitched inside
of it nine days worth of 3 to four hours
of content per day teaching people
extensive amounts of information on land
flipping in this particular case in
order to upsell them on a $40,000 offer
the particular client I'm going to talk
to you about here today has a $110,000
offer also in the info product space and
uh again we've seen this specific funnel
work across High ticket services we've
even had a few clients in the high
ticket Ecom space that have successfully
executed challenge funnels although much
more rare this type of funnel strategy
is typically used in the info product
world and in some instances just in the
high ticket service World in general so
without further Ado let's dive into some
of the best practices first of all you
can do a paid challenge or you can do a
free challenge here's some of the pros
and cons to both paid challenges will
obviously add some friction to the
frontend process you'll typically get
far fewer quantities of people that are
going to actually register and give or
take the specific level of spend that
you're going to put towards this thing
that's going to dictate the volume of
people that you're going to get in and
due to the fact that you have a three to
potentially upwards of more days than
that worth of content to put people
through you're going to have a degrading
show rate each following day so what you
ultimately have to remember is and it's
very simple to conclude to this people
who buy the challenge have a much higher
probability to show up people who opt in
for free to the challenge have a much
lower probability to show up that
doesn't mean that free is unpr
profitable it just typically requires
you to financially model things a little
different when you execute these things
let me also pepper in a few more best
practices and the pros and cons to both
paid challenges will typically also
increase your show rate for each
subsequent day that follows which you're
going to want cuz typically you're not
pitching on day one of the challenge
generally you're pitching on day two of
the challenge which is a very important
consideration again with free challenges
although yes you might bait people in
successfully to show up to the first day
due to the fact that they have no skin
in the game they generally don't give a
[__] to show up for the subsequent days
that follow so you see a pretty dramatic
drop off when you are doing free traffic
again that does not negate the fact that
you can still be extremely profitable on
a free challenge but for the case study
in particular I'll cover in today's
video we did a paid challenge okay in
addition to that paid challenges a big
Pro is that you have the probability
more in your favor obviously to
liquidate ads spend on the FR end of the
challenge when you do a free challenge
you can still have upsells on the back
end of the op op in that increased the
overall aov from being free to at least
you know tens of dollars or potentially
low hundreds of dollars to be able to
liquidate that friend and AD spend that
you're dropping however very important
to note that when I have a paid
challenge in my case at a 1.9x
profitability on the front end we
obviously were already rolling in it
just going into the challenge itself all
of the revenue that was generated was
free and clear profit minus sales
commission so in a free challenge give
or take if you're doing it where you
have some upsells on the back end of the
opt-in itself that's going to dictate
ultimately whether you have potential to
actually make some frontend cash or not
uh but again you get a lot more people
on free you get a lot less people on
paid so that's something that's
important to consider okay with this
specific client like I said we did a
paid challenge okay it started off
really simple we had early bird pricing
okay in terms of the general timeline we
marketed this thing about a month and a
half out so we gave ourselves about 1
and 1/2 months in toal to be able to
promote this bad boy and at first we ran
the early bird for about a full 6 weeks
we ended up extending it a little bit
because that's when we saw the most
purchases it was originally intended to
only be marketed for about 4 weeks so
it's important to note uh the early bird
pricing essentially ran all the way up
until literally the last couple days of
the actual event starting up we didn't
intend on that we intended for about 4
weeks to be the early bird promotion and
then the final two weeks of this 6 week
timeline to be you know like a tiered
price increase as we got closer um in
addition to that we had a general ticket
and then we also had a VI ticket uh the
differences between the two the general
ticket was about
$79 all the way up to about $99 and
whereas the VIP was about $249 the
differences were just things that you
got access to the VIP didn't really
include much more than just an
additional breakout room session with
the host of this specific event in
addition to that it included just a few
more like intang able info products just
digital Goods The Standard General
ticket you'll notice I put a range
between $79 and $99 there was a range of
that where we still concluded to both
being early bird pricing so we so we did
technically jack up the early bird
pricing just a little bit but we still
noticed a huge quantity of buyers would
purchase when it was framed as early
bird rather than framing it like hey you
missed the early bird and now you just
need to buy in general the only time
that we officially got rid of the Early
Bird like I said in this case was about
4 days out from the actual event
starting itself so something to consider
when we finally got to the point where
we were no longer doing early bird this
price went from 79 to 99 to $149 and the
price of the VIP went to $3.49 now out
of these two different price points
there were also upsells on the back end
so in either one of these cases both of
them had two not one but two different
additional purchases that you could make
on the back end the first upsell was $99
and again this is just another digital
good it was like a mini course is how we
framed it and then we had upsale number
two which was actually cheaper believe
it or not it was about $29 and that was
for a book bundle the book bundle
included the book like a physical copy
of the book that we would ship to the
individual the digital copy of the book
and the audio copy of the book um this
in total put our aov at an average of
about 140ish at the beginning and then
it ended up finishing off in the 160s so
what we just put 140 to 160 for our aov
total here okay now long story short and
this is important to note I mentioned at
the beginning of this our cost per
purchase in this case our cost per
action CPA was about $ 60-ish it ranged
initially as low as about the 50s for
the first 40 to 60k in ad spend and then
it slowly crept up towards the tail end
of that 5we window where we were still
milking the [__] out of the early bird
pricing um I will say this I actually
think that we could have had a lower aov
in the instance that we didn't have this
little hiccup in the middle when we
initially intended to raise up early
bird pricing the standard pricing we did
that for about 5 days in total and we
saw a dramatic dip in total purchases
which drove up our cost per purchase
dramatically and then we brought back
early bird pricing which lowered it
right away but I still got not a
significant amount of spend off but
enough to average up my aov a lot in
that 5day window where we got rid of
early bird pricing in the middle of it
as origin intended when we brought back
early bird pricing just to be very
transparent aov obviously went back down
a little bit as well however our cost
per purchase did as well okay to be
clear uh our cost per action fluxed all
the way up into the 80s so we were in
the 60s to 80s throughout this whole
thing that resulted in us at the finish
of this whole thing being a 1.9x row as
on friend end I was able to get off
about 292,000 in ad spend so we were
doing pretty well we flipped just shot
we're just going to call it 600k cuz I
don't want to do the mental math right
now for what 292 * 2 is 600k in total uh
front end and by the way that was just
from paid so all this is just from the
paid side of things there were and this
was actually quite surprising this is a
rather significant organic business we
didn't see that many purchases from the
organic side of things I'm not sure as
to why it'd be a lot of assumptions if I
sat here and tried to be conclusive
about why that was the case we saw about
a th000 purchases in total retros ECT
when you take this math here let me just
make sure I do the exact math for you so
I don't get some random dip [__] that
tries to call me out on YouTube we had
um a little over 6,000 purchases in
total from this whole thing from the
paid advertising and without knowing the
exact aov off the top of my head we had
a I'm sorry the exact cost per purchase
off the top of my head we uh I want to
say we ended off in like the high 4000s
or like the very low 5000s um in start
of total paid ticket but there was a
slight discrepancy in tracking to be
fair so we weren't really ultimately
sure the exact amount that we got from
Paid versus the exact amount that we got
from organic we just said roughly High
4,000 or lows 5,000 is what we ended up
getting from the paid side of things we
knew that with certainty but again we
just didn't know like the exact specific
number that we had gotten um there were
discrepancies across the board we had
done a lot of funnel testing throughout
this one of the other mistakes that we
made in this whole process generally
what we do as a best practice we have
one funnel that's specific for our paid
advertising per Channel and then we have
another that's specific to just the
organic Channel and there was a new
staff member that was hired with within
this person's business that was
responsible for the funnels they had
sent us over one of the organic funnel
links and we had not caught that issue
for about 10 days of the full
advertising process over that 6 week
duration of time so a little more than a
week almost a week and a half we had an
organic funnel technically attributing
sales to it that should have been
attributed to paid we did have tools
like hyos that were able to help pick up
on that and help with our attribution
issues but due to the fact that we
generally follow this like triangulation
of Truth tracking model where we have
three different mechanisms for tracking
so we can triangulate the truth and try
to figure out what was actually accurate
I can't give you like a very specific
answer unfortunately which I'm sure
you'll deal with too so anyway what we
did know is we were 1.9x row ass
positive and that unfortunately as well
just that little tracking discrepancy
also prevented us from spending a
fuckload more money as a result so I was
only able to get off about $292,000 in
spend over that month and a half um
you're probably asking yourself just as
I was asking myself along the entire way
why aren't we getting off a fuckload
more spend than this uh the other main
thing that was preventing us besides
just you know the tracking discrepancies
throughout a few days of this whole
thing was the fact that we didn't know
it would actually work on the back end
cuz the entire intention of a challenge
funnel is to upsell the [__] out of
people in the challenge itself so due to
the fact that this was the first time
ever that this specific client was
executing on this we had no [__] clue
if it would actually work or not now
although yes we were turning a dollar
into $1.90 on the back end we
unfortunately just didn't feel confident
to continue spending an aggressive
amount of money cuz we also wanted to
maintain that row as we didn't want to
work it down to break even I will say
this in almost every single challenge
that we ever executed in the past and
that will continue to set the
expectation for for all future
challenges that we execute we tell
clients we do not anticipate being
friend and profitable is the expectation
that you will turn a dollar into $1.90
on the front end the usual going into it
no actually quite the opposite for
almost all challenges that are executed
you're generally losing money on the
front end when you do paid challenges
especially Nai when you do a free
challenge you're also losing money on
the front end so it's important to note
like in most instances you're not going
to be able to just spend a fuckload more
money in perpetuity as you maintain
profitability on frontend challenge
sales you are most realistically going
to set like a hard budget for this thing
you're going to have a gambling budget
that you want to calculate to determine
whether it's actually worth it or not to
go above that budget at a certain point
based on what your cost of acquiring a
challenge opin or a paid challenge buyer
actually comes out to ultimately if
you're profitable like I was and you do
not want to operate out of a fear-based
mindset and you have a lot of confidence
that you're actually going to be able to
upsell the [__] out of people I would
encourage spending as much money as
humanly possible that your credit card
will allow you to while paying it off in
real time if you are maintaining
front-end profitability on a paid or
free version of a challenge get as many
people as you possibly [__] can the
issues that you wanted to deal with like
what we dealt with here in this example
was we had to call up zoom and we had to
say hey it seems like there's a hard
limit of 5,000 people that we can
successfully have on this and uh we we
were actually working with a zoom
engineer for the solution of how to
successfully execute this we had a
little over 70% show rate the exact
amount came out to about 70 point
something for the exact show rate on
this whole thing and that was phenomenal
but again you can expect that kind of
show rate when you do a paid challenge
you can typically anticipate webinar
show rates for free challenges which can
conservatively be as low as like 12 to
15% so just keep that in mind very
important to consider this whole thing
um okay outside of AD spend and just
frontend acquisition I want to be really
clear when I say this the show rate to
getting people to be excited about the
challenge and to make sure that you have
as big of a show rate as you possibly
can have you want to follow all the best
practices that we've laid out on this
channel historically so one of those
best challenges when it comes to show
rate was the hammer them strategy we
milked the living [__] out of the hammer
them strategy and we had to do it a
little bit more aggressive than what we
would generally do because in this case
we had a little over 6,000 different
people that we had to hammer and it was
broad duration of time typically with
the hammer them strategy we have a very
shortterm window with a very tight
audience okay so for all those
unfamiliar or unaware the hammer themm
strategy is a Content marketing strategy
that I created uh just over these last
about year and a half almost two years
now that we've been using mainly for
call funnels originally what we noticed
with the hammer themm strategy was when
somebody would book a call prior to them
actually showing up to the call if we
could successfully get about $15 to 20
originally short form pieces of content
that fell into these four different
quadrants of content categories we had a
lot of success with moving the lead that
booked the call further down the sales
process a lot of the sales feedback were
things like hey these leads feel much
warmer our goal with content marketing
strategies like that is to replicate the
organic sales process as close as
humanly possible with what we do now
with the hammer them strategy outside of
just short form we've also Incorporated
long form content into it as well so we
have two different campaigns that will
successfully run for it one with short
form and one with long form so ideally
in the context of a call funnel in this
example for where it originated prior to
the call we would get a lot of content
in front of a lead prior to them
actually showing up for that call we've
used the hammer themm strategy
successfully on things like the Hydra
for all those unfamiliar the Hydra is my
lead form strategy that we created uh
almost 5 years ago at this point and
it's just using the instant forms and
Lead forms on these social platforms for
advertising uh they very direct and they
typically cut out the application part
of a call funnel um they're really
really effective as a strategy when you
have a great team of Setters like that
example I provided at the beginning of
this video for the client doing 1.6 mil
a month off lead magnets and low ticket
to high ticket upselling however I
digress the hammer them strategy has a
lot of Effectiveness there as well
because we can take the content as soon
as somebody opts in and just start
hammering the [__] out of the person and
on average we can gauge how long does it
take for the setter to successfully
establish a meaningful conversation
ation and generally if it's not
immediate it still has about a 7-Day
window in most instances where we're
hammering the [__] out of the person
with a lot of content not to digress too
much but I want to I want to be really
clear when I say this when you do it for
something like a webinar as an example
you use the hammer them strategy you
typically have a broader duration of
time and a bigger audience that you have
to hammer so you usually have to spend
more money on the hammer them strategy
in order to get the desired frequency
Target where you actually see
effectiveness of running to hammer them
sequence the main thing that I always
see from people who just watch my free
content don't actually spend any money
with me which by the way is a huge
mistake I understand obviously you're
going to want to go try things that I
teach on this channel in order to make
yourself some more money and get more
results but you have to heed this
warning in every video where I teach you
stuff I am very clear on the
expectations for what you might actually
see as a statistic to have the
effectiveness of the result usually
people who try my strategy like the
hammer them sequence who then later buy
my stuff and I officially get to audit
it they always fall below the actual
frequency Target that you must have to
see Effectiveness with the hammer them
strategy okay so to be clear in the
original call funnel sequence we ideally
have at least a 15 to 20 count frequency
on unique pieces of content reaching
that person before the call time it's
the same exact thing in terms of an
expectation that we want to achieve for
a webinar so if I get somebody to opt in
and I have a two-e promotional timeline
I want to have at least a 15 to 20
frequency count over that twoe duration
of time but because I have a bigger
audience I have to spend more money to
achieve that frequency to see the result
I'm after with the hammer them strategy
within a webinar context that would be
getting people to show up and getting
people to buy at a higher rate in a
challenge funnel I'm typically getting
even more people that I have to hammer
so I have to spend even more money on
the front end in order to achieve that
desired frequency Target so as you know
on this channel all we talk about is
hitting million dollar months okay one
of the biggest gripes I get from the
smaller people who watch my pages is
like hey Jeremy I don't feel like you're
talking to me and I don't know if I can
execute this successfully and you're
[__] right okay I'm not talking to
you about spending $1,000 a month on ads
I'm talking to the big dogs that are
going to spend a fuckload of money on
the things that I'm talking about and
that want to make a fuckload of money
with it as well so with the expectation
I'm about to set yes it might exceed
what you're willing to spend in an
entire month on ad spend but in this
context when we make 3.4 million [__]
dollars in one month that's the type of
person that I'm talking to that wants to
achieve that level of result with what
I'm handing down in this specific video
could you theoretically find a way to
execute on these things at a smaller
level sure but with smaller levels you
typically have a higher probability to
fail okay if you're in programs like my
inner circle group as an example where
we do twice a month one-on-one calls
weekly group calls on topics just like
this we go through information at length
to ensure that at smaller budgets you
have the highest probabilities to
succeed but we also recommend very
specific strategies both for your
advertising Ing and for your conversion
mechanisms aka the funnels that you're
going to choose to use to actually see
Effectiveness with whatever budget you
have if you're just simply sitting here
on YouTube watching my stuff for free I
can't give you that context so you have
to be able to successfully think with
what is most appropriate for me to
choose to do as an ad strategy or a
funnel strategy relative to all the
options that I have available you
obviously have to make that conclusion
yourself if you're inside of one of my
paid offers as I mentioned like my inner
circle which also includes our quarterly
inperson Mastermind minds and we have a
group chat that you can tag me and just
ask questions to everybody else in there
it's a little over 130 people currently
in the group that are all rich people
trying to get a hell of a lot richer
doing things similar to you they're
offer owners people who are category
Kings or to the few girls that we have
in there category queens that are
attempting to make a fuckload off of
their specific Niche and offers that
they have the point I'm attempting to
make is very simple whether you're in
the Inner Circle program or in the
master internet Marketing Group you have
the ability obviously paying me money to
ask me questions for what's going to be
most appropriate for you to execute on
okay when we run a challenge we use the
hammer them strategy and just to be
transparent I spent roughly
$227,000 over this entire month and a
half to achieve the desired frequency
count of getting at least in short form
content 15 to 20 total unique pieces of
content in front of the over 6,000
people that purchased this challenge in
addition to that with the long form
content I had a frequency of 11 for
getting long form pieces of content just
like what you're watching right now is
an example in front of the people who
purchased the challenge prior to them
showing up in a call funnel do I have to
spend nearly that amount on the hammer
them sequence no because it's a far
smaller group of people so therefore
there's a far smaller amount I need to
spend to achieve my desired frequency
okay there's not a static answer for
Budget on this best practice the answer
is spend whatever it takes to achieve
the desired frequency if you're going to
execute on a strategy that requires a
frequency Target to see the op opal
result from it okay that's something
very important to remember and consider
okay so outside of the hammer them
strategy we also had what we consider an
education-based email sequence okay
outside of that we have some Modern show
rate best practices which for us we've
talked about this in a few different
videos now include due diligence best
practices and some trust assets being
sent to people we have specific videos
on a few of those things on our channel
that we posted most recently be sure to
go and check those out okay so to
continue on our show rate sequence was
very aggressive from the point of the
confirmation page after the upsells we
started the framing process creating
excitement from both the main speaker
and the handful of guest speakers that
we had let's break down the actual
challenge itself so you can understand
how to execute on this thing so in this
case we did a 3-day challenge each day
has a specific set of best practices in
order to make the most money from this
thing so the three-day challenge number
one one day one we had pure content okay
so it is very value dense amounts of
information so value dense content it
was about four it ended up being close
to 5ish hours of Total content there are
strategic breaks worked in throughout
the content uh we also had an MC so for
all those who just I not know what I'm
talking about at higher levels it
creates a lot of authority to have
somebody else that's doing like the host
stuff so as an example soon as the
challenge starts and people start
showing up this was a high production
event there is a specific company that I
believe is in Charlotte um I actually am
not familiar with the name of the
company to be clear but the uh the two
girls are Barry and blue if you're
unfamiliar um to be clear these two
ladies do an exceptional job with the
studio that they have set up for this
and they did phenomenal on just creating
that very high production value
environment they had those giant screens
like you've probably seen this from
people like Tony Robbins uh Dean graos
has done it in environments like this I
believe people across all different
major levels of personal branding you've
probably seen in environments like this
um I think Russell Brunson has an
example done an environments like this
and then our client that I'm giving you
an example of here also did it within
this same environment it has big screens
behind them that can be changed to the
slides of the presentation it can be
changed to showing the zoom people
sitting there watching the event uh
again it's a very interchangeable very
Dynamic immersive experience the content
as it's streaming through Zoom is coming
through in exceptional quality it's also
being recorded on cameras that are not
streaming live that way it can be used
later on for evergreen webinars or
content or clipped for ads or whatever
you want to use it for um and then
there's a whole production team behind
the scenes that's executing on this you
know controlling lighting uh playing
music you know to like get People Pumped
up as soon as they join in and in
between breaks and like all this stuff
and in particular they had an MC they
had a host of the event in this
particular case it was a guy uh you know
this kind of guy is responsible for
creating energy getting everything
everybody hyped up getting everybody
enthused um controlling the frame you
know introducing the next speaker that
comes in and then transitions off to the
speaker that uh presents next and just
you start the process of uh dropping the
dropping the value um usually every
speaker would talk for about an hour so
over the course of this four almost five
hours um you had about four speakers in
total on the first day and I want to be
really clear when I say this obviously
the event in most challenges is themed
around a particular outcome due to the
fact it was a paid event and all yes the
intention in whether it's paid or free
is to upsell the [__] out of people you
have to keep in mind you are there to
deliver a fuckload of value like you
have to hook people in to actually
saying like yes this was worth it and
I'm enthused with the fact I just paid
to be here you know so the content has
to be really [__] good you have to
genuinely teach people about whatever it
is that the theme of The Challenge is
centered around so in this particular
case this client was teaching about
buying businesses and this specific
client did a phenomenal job over the
toop with executing the value dense
content being presented so did every
other speaker that presented as well and
they all talked at length about buying
businesses and giving people actionable
insights okay things that they could go
and do but just like here on YouTube
like what I do with you right now is I
sit here and Edge you I give you roughly
10% of what there is that I could tell
you about and I keep the other 90% for
my paid programs now as shocking as that
might be to some of you who sit here and
say holy [__] this guy's free content is
really good and it is value dense and it
helps me and there's very little filler
information you'll still be pleased to
know that when you transition to the
point of actually transacting with us
and getting into our education company
product offers or eventually becoming a
potential Hands-On client of ours or a
Consulting deal of our marketing agency
you be highly impressed with what you
get access to on the other side of that
transaction your content has to blow the
other people's paid stuff out of the
[__] water okay that's the key you
sit here and watch this right now and
are learning all of these extremely
actionable insights meanwhile the people
in my paid programs like my inner circle
as an example where we do those twice a
month one-on-one calls 30 minutes each
booked at your convenience you can
message me in real time with things that
you want me to review I typically get to
it a couple hours after you message in
sometimes the next morning depending on
the day and the time that you message in
you can message me in the group chat in
real time you can ask other people
questions in the group chat in real time
you can come to our quarterly inperson
masterminds hosted in January April July
and October right here in good old Miami
Florida and in addition to that like I
said you get the group chat full of rich
people trying to get a hell of a lot
richer and our weekly group calls hosted
on Saturdays at 11:00 a.m. eastern
standard time inside of those programs
we talk at an even higher level about
these same things we go through our Sops
we Leverage AI Jeremy to exploit these
things in real time in addition to real
Jeremy of course in order to make more
money okay so again my point is the free
stuff okay like what you're going to
present in the challenge has to be value
dense but you're still holding things
back but they're also not really
thinking to themselves this person's
holding back just like you right now
you're like [__] that's good you know
there's stuff I can go do with this
immediately you get what I'm saying
there's still things you could do to get
a result But ultimately when it comes
down to me saying hey buy this it still
makes sense to buy it because you're
still going to get more value out of
buying it right so in a paid challenge
or a free challenge that's a major key
okay back to my points here so outside
of value D content outside of the fact
that it was about four to 5 hours a day
for the first day in particular we also
have the MC for a nice Authority Edge
okay somebody that comes in and does all
the filler stuff that you don't
otherwise want to do that way the
speakers maintain high levels of
authority okay last thing and this is
very important to understand about day
one it is all about getting people to
show up for day two okay this is what's
important to understand if you lose
people on day one day two is where you
do your pitch so day two is and we'll
talk about this at length here in a
moment for like what you successfully
execute on day two but day two simply
put is where you're going to make your
call to actions to actually start the
process of making money off this whole
thing okay so if you fail on day one if
you do an awful job actually giving
people a reason to show up for day two
you're going to have a bad time you you
have a much much lower probability to
actually make money off this whole thing
at the level that you probably want it
to be especially given all the time and
effort it's going to take execute this
kind of thing to actually make money off
day two okay really important to
consider all right so let's go into day
two so day two is first of all really
fun um I want to give a quick shout out
to myON golden uh myON golden is
arguably one of my favorite mentors I
think I've ever had uh you could pay
myON upwards of like whatever he's
charging currently for his uh he calls
it million dooll day I think is the name
of this specific offer that he has he
has two different things in particular
that I'm going to talk about briefly um
the pream is the main thing that I'm
going to sit here and talk to you about
that I learned from my okay so first of
all without giving away all myON sauce
because again learning it from myON
directly is it's just so fun first of
all my's an incredible person to learn
from if you ever get the opportunity to
do so I would I would definitely
encourage that you do it but myON is one
of U the smarter people that I've ever
had the opportunity to learn from and he
has such a unique approach and uh one of
my favorite things about what the guy
does is this concept he has called
pre-framed go into like value dense
content you know get people excited and
like continue to fulfill on the premise
of the challenge but in almost all
instances like what prevents people from
purchasing things are like very specific
mental blocks that have to be addressed
prior to you actually making a call to
action like as an example here in this
very video as I make call to actions to
you to check out the links in the
description for our paid offers there's
something that's left unaddressed if you
don't actually go and take action on it
like as an example maybe you've been
absolutely [__] by other people that
you've bought courses from or maybe just
the fact that I live in Miami Florida
makes you have some kind of Association
that I'm a piece of [__] or a scammer or
something due to the fact that Miami has
somewhat of a reputation for people like
that living here you know at the end of
the day there's something typically left
unaddressed right it's like I know
you're going to get a fuckload of value
out of our paid offers if you're the
right person but if I can't successfully
without a back and forth conversation
with you actually plant and address the
right things in your mind to make you
Confident come time that I make the call
to action there's a much lower
probability that you take action so the
concept of pre-f framing that myON
teaches is we want to successfully frame
before we actually make our pitch that
way by the time we make our pitch
there's a much higher probability that
people are responsive to it it's not
just about dropping the extremely value
dense information and then just saying
hey by the way if you want the last bit
of what I didn't talk about go and buy
my stuff like I said if the different
mental objections are left unaddressed
we will fail to convert a majority of
the people there okay so in this
particular case we ended up with about a
6.3% conversion of people purchasing
that showed up okay so there's a few
statistics in between the 70% show rate
and the 6.3% quantity of people actually
purchasing I'll talk more about that
here shortly but I just want to mention
that's arguably pretty good for a
$10,000 product against like 5,000 is
people or high 4,000 is people that
actually showed up to this thing but a
lot of it came down to the pre- framing
lessons that my help teach and talk
about so I'll give you two examples in
particular and then I'll leave it at
that okay two of my favorite examples
that I've actually executed myself you
can go to my Instagram at Jeremy and you
can look at a few of the examples if you
scroll through my page enough you'll
eventually see me on stage and I clipped
them and I posted them on my page so you
can check them out so one of them in
particular myON talks about opportunity
cost so again this is straight from myON
golden I executed it on stage and it was
really fun to do so so I had a $100 bill
a $50 bill a $20 bill a $10 bill and a
$5 bill so I had five total United
States dollar bills in front of me okay
and I had each one of them in my hand
and I called up five random people from
the audience at this specific event that
I was was at and doing this with so I
get five people on stage and I have them
all stand behind me okay and I have a
microphone and I start telling the story
about taking advantage of what we call
First mover's Advantage so in this
particular case the offer that was going
to be pitched at this event had a lot to
do with taking action on something that
would be considered a risk and you'd be
one of the first people doing it so one
of the pre-framed had to be instilled
prior to making the call to action to
buy was that risks are worth taking when
there's new opportunities because you
typically get the most result compared
to the people who later take action okay
so long story short I get to the point
where I'm telling a story about a um it
was a guy that I had lunch with and this
guy told me this is an audacious claim
that this guy had made he was like dude
I was making upwards of like $160
million a week a week selling shares in
companies before they had gone public
and I was like [__] excuse me like what
you know and anyway the guy essentially
reveals to me that you know he had this
company where he was selling shares in
defense companies that ended up being
like major publicly traded companies but
before they had actually ever hit the
public market he was essentially buying
employees shares which the employees
were happy to sell to him because they
were able to liquidate their stocks they
otherwise would would have been illiquid
technically and he would then take those
shares on the private market and he
would go and sell them to other people
long story short this was one of the
first guys who had ever done this you
know he wasn't the first but he was one
of the first and as a result of being
one of the first he made a fuckload more
money than the people who try to do it
today as an example cuz there's a lot of
different people that technically can do
that nowadays it's no longer like a
first mover's Advantage one of the most
classic examples of this reference would
be like gold mining right like way back
in the day here in the United States and
in different parts of the world you know
you had everybody that really settled
into the Eastern United States and one
of the main drivers for going west
outside of just the difference in
environment you know it was a pretty big
risk back in the day when you would move
across the entire country it wasn't as
easy as it is today obviously was
Financial motive of course some of it
was homesteading like as an example here
in the United States we have a state
called Montana there's a concept called
homesteading which would give you the
opportunity to just go claim x amount of
acres of land which could be literally
tens of thousands of acres of land and
as long as you made it productive which
meant like farming or doing agricultural
or potentially like logging or all kinds
of different things um the land was
yours you essentially got it free and
clear but you had to make it productive
another example would be the gold mining
right just going across the entire
country to go and mine for gold for
financial gain right and there's tons of
different examples that you could use
for industries that you might be aware
of when you tell these stories right so
I'm telling one about the guy who made
160 million a week selling shares in
companies before they'd go public buying
them from employees I then held up a
$100 bill and I said what's interesting
about the first movers Advantage the
people who take action first before
anybody else is they make the most money
the people who take action first they
always make the most money and you
essentially just sit there and repeat it
a few times until one of the five people
behind me actually had it click and and
two of them in particular just come
rushing up and they try to take the $100
out of your hand and you let one of them
take it and then everybody in the
audience gets it right and it starts
sinking in for what the other four have
to do next and you hold up the $50 bill
next and you continue on with your story
and you're like and listen you know the
people who came to Montana at a later
time to Homestead it's not like they
made less it's not like they got that
much less land like hey maybe instead of
the 100,000 acres of land maybe they
only only had 5,000 acres of land you
know and then you hold up the $50 bill
the second lowest denomination and you
say well I mean the person who
technically moves second like they still
do pretty good right but they don't make
as much as the first person and one of
the other four people just comes up and
snatches it from you and then you do it
for the remaining three bills for the
$20 bill the $10 bill and the $5 bill
and the person you know who grabs the
lowest Bill the $5 bill in this case
they obviously kind of get laughed at by
the entire audience and they kind of
feel bad a little bit they don't like
Rush up to you to take the money and
they typically walk a little slow and
like I said they just feel embarrassed
overall and then you point out to the
crowd you say but you sitting in the
crowd as you laugh at that guy who just
only got $5 you know the person who
technically moved last right sure he
didn't make as much as the first guy who
got a hundred he didn't even make as
much as the second guy who got half as
much as the first guy but you know who
got literally nothing here and you do a
nice pause and you just look at
everybody in the audience you the people
who just sat here who just watched on
the sidelines who didn't even have the
will this to come up on stage and take a
risk you laugh at the guy who only got
$5 but how much did you make through all
this you didn't make anything you only
learned lessons they learned lessons and
they got paid and then everybody gets it
right and you emphasize the power of
first movers Advantage with a lesson
like that myON has another one that's
really really good and I call it Penny
Vision I'm sure that he has a very
similar name for it I highly doubt that
people actually carry pennies nowadays
but I always like to think that myON
probably plants somebody in the audience
with a penny or maybe in a backup plan
he just carries one around with him but
same kind of concept I did this on stage
as well you have a penny and a $100 bill
and you'll tell the story of how
sometimes you have to get people to tell
you to move you know something that's
blocking your vision preventing you from
taking advantage of opportunity to then
be willing to take advantage of
opportunity so my starts to tell this
story right again it could be any
manufactured story or something that's
you know obviously real ideally that uh
has happened in your life like I'll give
you a great example for what I talked
about on stage so again this is all
posted on my Instagram at Jeremy with
another specific clip of me doing this
if you want to go check it out so I hold
up a penny in front of my eye okay and I
hold up a $100 bill in front of me and
I'm telling the story while I keep this
in front of me okay and I start to tell
the story where I'm like you know one of
the worst things that happens in my
education company is knowing that I
could help somebody but them not knowing
I could help them you know they have
something that blocks them prevents them
from actually taking action with us and
buy from us and it could be as simple as
they've just had handy down beliefs you
know handy down beliefs could act as the
penny that prevents me from seeing
what's right in front of me handy down
beliefs could be you know I've always
heard courses are just a scam or oh
everybody who sells courses is just like
the male equivalent of an only fans girl
you know or oh you know my buddy bought
a course and he got scammed so you know
I'm not buying that and uh although yeah
I mean there are definitely a lot of
people who sell awful courses and don't
take their educ a companies seriously
and are essentially literal pieces of
[__] who don't give a crap in any way
[__] re form about you and the results
that you're going to generate that
doesn't negate the fact that there's
real education companies out there that
can help you and provide you a
tremendous amount of value and actually
help you achieve the results and
outcomes that you want but at the same
time you know if you let skepticism and
just negative stories dictate and shape
your entire worldview for how you live
your life think about how many
opportunities you're going to miss
because of that damn Penny Vision what
does it sometimes take you know in order
to get somebody to take action well in
my world with my education company in
most instances one of the very first
things that I technically have to do
before I can actually help the person
with all the Tactical stuff before I can
teach them a single strategy that
relates to their business is I typically
have to do something that helps them
mentally first remove some kind of
Roadblock AKA I have to have another
person tell me to remove the penny
before I can see what's right in front
of me as a big opportunity somebody out
there tell me to remove that Penny and
you start getting the entire crowd move
the penny move the penny and you know
you'll remove the penny and then you'll
be like oh and then there'll be a
[__] $100 bill right in front of you
and again it emphasizes this lesson that
myON talks about with these
pre-framed or even relatively themed for
what the challenge is centered around
you're just handling these mental
objections that are extremely probable
to be prevalent and you want to cater
the pre-framed lessons that you provide
to specific things that are extremely
probable to be blocking your audience
from taking action on what you're going
to talk to people about you see and it
it's it's wide in terms of all the
examples that there are that myON talks
about and that was only two of I don't
know [__] probably 50 that I learned
from the guy and it's so fun to be clear
and obviously it's after you understand
the concept of it easy to start to you
know work through them yourself and
start to consider what you could do to
help uh your audience you know with
pre-framed material so a lot of what is
day two starts off especially for the
first half of the day with pre-f framing
okay so this is essentially the the
first half of the day for day two and
then right before lunch so before you
actually take a lunch break or if you
start it right after after lunch as an
example this would essentially be like
the first half of the day is executed
with what I just articulated in them
before you give them their next break
that's where you do the pitch okay and
that's where you officially drop hey
like I have an offer for you you know
drop in the chat if it's okay if I make
the offer to you guys and with the pitch
itself for this particular client we had
a $10,000 offer and what we did is a
$22,000 deposit so we pitched it for the
full $110,000 of course and we didn't
hold anything back and we pitched it as
though we were going to do a directed
check out but the real intention is to
obviously get people on the phone with
salespeople but we didn't want to
actually do the call to action for hey
like book a call we wanted to tell
people so what you're going to do is
you're going to literally right now
spend $2,000 on a deposit to hold your
slot okay and then as soon as you do
that you're going to be prompted with an
opportunity to book a call with one of
our onboarding Specialists and listen
you're going to get all your questions
answered and you are both going to be
able to iron out if this is actually
good for you or not okay and then from
there you're going to actually have them
purchase you're going to drop a link for
them to successfully transact on the
$2,000 and then they're going to book a
call from there and then obviously those
are just straight up [__] layup deals
so the other main thing that happened
here is we negotiated down the sales
teams Commission because it's not like
they're actually [__] closing people
you know they're just essentially
literally collecting the other $8,000 in
this exam they don't need to get paid
what they normally get paid which in
this case was about 20% altogether we
negotiated them down to 10% which
honestly probably more than fair
relative to what they could have gotten
paid otherwise we likely to be extremely
transparent could have just said we're
going to sell the $10,000 right then and
there we decided it was a much higher
probability people were going to
transact with the $2,000 and then just
have the sales people collect the other
8,000 which ended up being the case uh
in total like IID mentioned we got about
33.4 million off of this specific event
and that does not include by the way the
revenue that was from the front end
where we were doing the ticket sales
that is exclusive to what we had gotten
here so it was phenomenal in terms of
the uh total transactions I also want to
disclose we had a $35,000 option as well
for a more serious business person that
didn't want to learn how to buy
businesses but wanted to learn how to
scale their business through
Acquisitions so there was also a few
people out of this 6.3% that converted
on a $35,000 offer same exact process uh
pitched everybody right after pitching
the 10K $2,000 deposit and then they'd
collect the other $33,000 on a sales
call to follow so this was extremely
effective okay after you do the pitch
you you just take a break so after you
officially get back from lunch the whole
second half of the day is just straight
up content and again it should be value
dense uh you want to get back to the
theme okay and just kind of get back to
normal okay normal meaning whatever the
theme of the event is that's what you
officially want to start talking about
from that point forward uh you do not
want to negate that okay the whole
second half of the day should just be
back to Value dense content okay now
coming into day three day three is a
little different as well is also a lot
of like kind of objection handling uh
Q&A there's a lot of stuff that happens
on day three but again it's kind of like
it's it's structured but it's not as
structured as day one and day two day
three has a lot of freedom like you want
to start the day with with just kind of
doing an open Q&A helping answer a lot
of people's questions and then if you're
good enough to be able to do this by the
way what you end up have occurring on
day three is like kind like a free form
set of presentations that are executed
based on some of the most common
objections that have held people back or
some of the most common questions that
are coming up at the beginning of this
day um day three is generally also a
little shorter it's usually a half day
so it's not as long and uh yeah it's
really fun um to be clear there's a
tremendous amount of additional detail I
can share on the challenge model and I
would love to do so but to be clear I'm
not going to do it here on YouTube I
think I've already given you a
tremendous amount of value I would
encourage you joining into my inner
circle offer you have to be making at
least 100K a month in order to just
qualify for that to be clear if you're
not making more than $100,000 a month
then you would be more appropriately fit
for my master interet marketing program
7 weeks of classes that are about 3 to 4
hours in length a couple hundred
homework library videos to consume in
between worksheets that help with
retention of all the information that
you're going to get fire hosed at you it
is a tremendous amount of stuff um I
would encourage that you apply for that
the link is in the description if you're
below 100K a month and of course if
you're above 100K a month and you're
trying to get a hell of a lot richer
than you are right now the link for my
inner circle is also in the description
of this video twice a month one-on-one
calls weekly group calls we have
quarterly inperson master minds and we
have our group chat full of rich people
trying to get a hell of a lot richer
than they are right now uh for the very
few of you that are making a good amount
of money and have an offer that we would
love to come in and Hands-On scale we
also have a link in the description for
our marketing agency that you can check
out uh our company name Megalodon
marketing that's our marketing agency
and there should be a link for it down
in the description as well if you would
like to apply for that although to be
very direct with you a majority of you
are going to be funneled through the
Inner Circle offer where that is most
appropriate for you and then you will
have the few of you who are here
watching this that are sub 100 cam month
that are going to be more appropriate
for the master internet marketing offer
either way please subscribe to the
channel I deeply appreciate you watching
if you've made it this far good on you
uh I'd encourage watching it back
average human retention is unfortunately
about 10 to 30% unless you turn around
and immediately take action on this
stuff it's best to go through content
like this at length at least two to
three times to increase the retention
potential really excited to help you get
richer and uh yeah talk soon